It's the beginning of the semester. You have an 8 am class tomorrow. Your roommate invites you to a party. What would you do?
Go to the party.
Go to sleep.
Go to the party and leave early.
Play games all night instead of going to the party.
There is an involvement fair coming up. You ...
Do not join any clubs.
Do not join any clubs because your friends are not.
Go there if there are only food and/or free stuff.
Go there and join the club that you're most interested in.
The job fair is coming up, and you want to dress to impress, but you are low on money.
You "borrow" your roommate's clothes.
You ask your friends for formal clothes.
You show up in a T-shirt and cargo shorts.
You buy clothes.
There is a test tomorrow, but you are not prepared.
Stay up until 3 am studying.
Play games until 3 am.
Sleep early.
Cheat on the test.
There is a project due tomorrow, but you and your groupmates have not started.
Take the L.
Stay up by yourself trying to finish and submit the project before it is due.
Contact your groupmates and stay up together to finish and submit the project before it is due.
Email the professor to extend the deadline.
You are trying to sleep early today because your job interview is tomorrow morning, but your suitemates are playing video games and yelling.
Put in earbuds and try to fall asleep.
Text your friends complaining about your suitemates.
Ask your suitemates to lower the volume.
Report to your RA or RHD without consulting your suitemates first.
It is flu season and you are not feeling well enough to go to class.
Force yourself to go to class and get everyone else sick.
Go to the health center.
Sleep.
Play games.
Roommate comes back drunk often. What would you do?
Record the incident and blackmail.
Report to RA or RHD.
Attempt to bring your roommate to CPO.
Ask to join and drink with them.
You got into an argument with your friend, and there were several misunderstandings leading up to that.
End the friendship.
Self-reflect alone before asking to meet up and resolve the issues.
Ask for advice from a trusted adult or friend.
Complain about your friend to your other friends.
You are struggling with your studies/homework
Ask your friends for help.
Copy stuff from online.
Go to Professor's or TA's office hours.
Struggle by yourself.
It's final's week and all your finals are very close together. 
Make a study plan and stick to it.
Form a study group for your finals.
YOLO them.
Pull all-nighters for every one of them and hope for the best.